I got the same error for Box2D, but solved as follows.

I am using Anaconda environment with python3.6.

try these.

conda install swig

pip install box2d


CREW
driver[main]: the one who drives the car. when driver is alone, he makes the role of shooter too
gunner: specialized shooter that can hit stronger and faster
protector: melee thug who can easily defeat invaders
saboteur: roguelike punk capable to jump into heavy vehicles to disable them
miner: pyromaniac that drops mines to destroy vehicles near behind

ROAD ARTIFACTS
gas: recovers 30% of your full gas tank when catch
ammo: recovers 30% of your full ammo when catch
money: increases your bank account in a random value when catch
repair tools: recovers 30% of your car's full life when catch
trash pile(barrier): slows your vehicle
broken car(barrier): slows your vehicle and deals 1-4 damage(ignores armor)
fire barrels(barrier): deals 2-6 damage(ignores armor)
broken road(barrier): makes you lose control of your vehicle for 2s

VEHICLE ATTRIBUTES
armor: how much damage your car can reduce of each attack
melee weapon: damage your car deal when shove enemies
strenght: ability to push enemies. greater is strenght, bigger is the enemy you can push
speed: car speed and maneuverability
life: car durability. when life reach 0, you are defeated

VEHICLE TYPES
chooper[starting vehicle](1 crew): fast motorcycle
musclecar(2 crew): fast light car
sedan(3 crew): medium car
humvee(4 crew): heavy battle vehicle 
wartruck(5 crew): unstoppable war machine

ENEMIES
crazyrider: speedy biker that can jump into your car when near. when it does, you lose control and can't shoot for 3s
machinegunner: light vehycle that shoots when at your side
assault van(heavy): armored vehycle that shoots when behind or in front of you
locomotive(heavy): special vehycle with enemies at wagons. enemies inside can be defeated, but the train can't be
jetskinner: biker at sea that jumps to you when you are at the lane near water. it explodes and deals damage if hit
fireboat: water vehycle that shoots when at your side
armoredtruck(heavy): truck very difficult to defeat with guns but is slow. have a powerful cannon 
ram vehicle(heavy): strong truck specialized in shove. when hit, you lose control for 2s
skyrider: fast flying skateboarder that drops mines when in front of you
turret: steady tommy-gun that attacks 2 lanes

BOSSES




